wow this is so viral
this has been going on for a while we're
talking about this being hyper mega viral
dude and we're talking about 10 min1
at night
3 hours 3 cu
hours ago it has a million and a half
views story of How my almost
something left me for
orlock
some guy or woman
joro some guy or woman
joro careful eh first of all I'm not going to
mention the name but it has been a
huge lack of respect towards me and I'm
sorry but towards your own person
too the girl and I started
talking a while ago and we've been
intimidating a lot since then
we've shared many moments together
and we've had a great time okay I mean I
understand that it's an excuse me for the
expression and with all due respect to the
girl but I understand that she's
describing a [ __ ] friend okay eh What
happens is that I'm here as a man with a
Sixth Sense Okay well
I understand and I sniff here go up the ass
that this [ __ ] Treas is giving me
eh I'm
going to uninstall it already eh it's another
copy of Twitter  exactly identical to
Twitter but it keeps notifying you
every minute of something orlock
trending number 5 on Twitter right
now okay I can smell here I can
smell that this guy was more
into the girl than the girl was into
him okay the girl as soon as she saw
this guy this guy on his other account
Oh no it's anonymous it's anonymous too not that let's
see H the girl what I was going to
tell you I think she saw some
famous person and she said how whistling
whistling in theory we already had plans for the
future She said that he was the best thing she'd ever
found that she would always take care of me
and that she would make me feel like I
deserve how the kisses were a filter I
swore they were real
dude let's
see I understand that I raise
passions the other
day the other day the lne was here
and and the
tesa well I'm not going to say anything else I'm not going to
say anything else I'm not going to say anything else better we
leave it like that better better we leave it like that we
leave it like that we leave it like that I don't want
threads I don't want threads I don't
want them to filter me  me in a thread
okay like like like like to the
direct [ __ ] eyes you are so
lazy
stiffs we treated each other as if we were
a
married couple what the [ __ ] does
this person have as a wallpaper on WhatsApp it will happen I will make it happen of
course handsome I
would work But we would still be
living together what an illusion I know baby That's why it makes
me angry I will give you back the
idea of ​​loving someone it's worth it and it doesn't have to
hurt in any way
perfect there was only one thing that
caused me concern he started talking
to
orlock I left from the beginning Of course it made me
insecure and he told me
the obvious things that he was too old that I did
n't know him that I was
better why in your lock you only talk
about him and he's a famous kid he has money he
's not ugly and with a lot of
contact
well that thing about him not being
ugly
[ __ ] he's very ugly and well the rest yes but
the only reason why I talk about him in
my lock is because the situation
seems
surreal to me I mean I was freaking out for
talking to a known person Well I
don't know like with me he's being Majo
de
moment and even though deep down I know she
just wants to [ __ ] really Ah so
she knows that he wants to [ __ ] her and she
keeps talking to
him boy Javi walala a kiss blot blut
how the [ __ ] do you pronounce it boy
my son you cheated on yourself
almost
son I mean she already knows that the guy
wants to [ __ ] her and he keeps talking to her
and he's telling you he's not very
ugly so far he hasn't made any
sexual advances to me and that prevents me from getting disgusted
because what we've talked about
has fallen to me [ __ ] great I feel
stupid because everyone tells me to be
careful and that later I'm going to come out badly from
it but what can I do I like her
and I had no reason to
distrust her so I encouraged her
and I supported her as much as possible let's see let's see
Cook let's
see Love you know what the os loock told me
to meet let's see let's see let's see
tell me I already imagined that she would take
advantage and
go marlén Linares a kiss it starts like this
and ends up creating a hly fan
joro I mean  take advantage and go take advantage and
go man let's
see if she's telling me chev barría
well I understand that my wife tells me take
advantage and
go you forgot to buy them condoms son
you're rude alanne You think
what you said about a
woman is nice take it back go on take it back what you've
done too much take advantage and go and she's I do
n't know if telling her
yes it freaks me out I mean the profile the
profile you can already see who you can already see the profile
Not him writing with these two dots
and the number three
okay the one I don't know why the [ __ ] they
write it like that I mean it's the profile
dude during that time I didn't
comment much on the subject because it wasn't my thing it
was all just friendship and well every
few days I would upload a tweet on the
lock talking to a guy who I was already
sure was him to all this she
continued with the same thing that I had nothing to
worry about Shortly after a few days came
where he went on a
trip to Madrid where at first he
warned me that he would meet him for a drink
I got worried and he told me that he would
talk to him about
me I guess we'll be downtown or
at some bar  But why
alone that that no man come on that is that
you have been missing my mother is that he has
told him very well to him what has been missing
to buy him the condoms
man give me Yuyu it's not because of you I trust you a
lot and I know that I don't
c I trust you a lot and I know that you wouldn't
lie to me man if he was already
lying to you as long as he didn't invite you to his
house once he told me that he didn't like to
bring people into his
house I always invite singers to
things I gave him Cecilio and a couple
more how cute my love Well look if one
day you come with me I'll tell him to be
clear as you see Although I feel bad
because I don't know him well that's how you know him
love Yeah
come on I'll introduce you my mother but he's
making fun of lent his whole [ __ ]
face he's laughing his [ __ ] off eh that's
how I introduce him to you and you know him man I mean
but yeah come on invite him too Uf I
was going to say
something that I'm not going to say better that there are
some that are just like Cook Well what do I
know is that I've never noticed  that he
talks to me with other intentions either well
same as for what we talk about two
messages every TR days man how shameless she is
how shameless she is
man I already know my love you are the best I
love you it's that he is a Cook but come on
tremendous eh No I don't say it I don't say it
there there there whoever interprets it as they
want
loves interpret it as you
want Okay well not yet
love he says because he knows of my
existence he asks
her he asks her if orlock knows of her
existence and she answers her well
not yet love but if I meet up with him you'll see
that I drop the bomb on him Wow what a Bom
Wow move aside Javi Oliveira this
girl who's hooked up with orlock is coming to
drop the new exclusives I mean you're
talking to some guy who according to you
wants to
[ __ ] you and you haven't told him that you're with
someone that when you
meet up you drop the
bomb Come on come on come on come on
this is this is tremendous this story
but well but this because it hasn't happened
before I needed to meet up with him to
tell him that Tena had a boyfriend Let's see it
wasn't a boyfriend alanne dude what
shameless how shameless kid for me
Clear concern no no no no I didn't
have you had nothing to worry about friend for me
Clear concern I told him if it was
possible to avoid places like his house
since it's something that I don't like at all of
course love love Look love if
you don't
mind don't go to his house because I'm not
very happy about you going to the house of
a guy who wants to [ __ ] you but if
you have to go go it gives me the creeps eh if
you have to go go but if you want to
do me a favor eh if not nothing
but I'm asking you eh As a
friend if it could be that you don't go into
his room okay I mean if you go to his house if you
don't go through the living room or the
hallway if you want eh true you if you
feel uncomfortable or it makes you feel like saying
no you stop
okay try if you stay in the living room I'll
be more calm and if you can
please if you can let's see if you're there in
the
living room don't don't get
naked boy you're a Cook you're a Cook I
mean start like that right now it's coming on
but it's that also you  I say
that tomorrow she tells him to come back and
bosses him around however she wants she tells him
things and forces him, I mean she handles him as
if she had a Play controller to
handle him How many Cooks have we commented on
here on the channel and they are like that
because of my clear concern I told him if it
was possible avoid places like his house
avoid places like his house eh avoid if it
was possible eh if it is possible avoid it
let's say instead of saying if you have
[ __ ] yes you have [ __ ] meet up with a guy who
wants to [ __ ] you if you're capable you meet up
with
him Not for nothing but because if you meet up with
him you're never going to hear anything from me again no
well meeting up with him gives me the creeps I forbade
Telo one of two or this is a troll Be
careful or is it the typical ally who swallows
whatever as long as he can touch
tits well let's see these people what
these allies
usually have in common is that they are like
Cook because as you have said
Anne either they don't touch anything or they have been the most
sexist at dinner you understand and they have
changed since it is something that I do not like at
all but al  finally went up to his house with
two of her friends which didn't make me
feel any safer but I thought that if they
knew about my existence nothing would happen
we're at his house emoji Cry cry sorry I'm
so sorry man what a
scoundrel eh they are
totally deconstructed like Lego
listen to me Look we're at his house and he
puts a
crying emoji on it we're at his
house with a crying emoji and he and the ally
to show off like an open-
minded man no and that he doesn't forbid his
girlfriend anything no eh To show off he says
[ __ ] I woke up suddenly you
woke up suddenly Because you have a
pressure in your
chest as if a poodle had
swallowed a sock I mean
literally you had your phone here on the
bed here you didn't even have it under the
pillow here on the bed all over your face
Okay and nothing he sent you a WhatsApp I mean
you're asleep and you answered at the
same minute Look
2:1 2:1 piece of c piece of Cook [ __ ] I
woke up suddenly have a good time
love I love you so much Sea look at all the things that have happened to him
given time to write at
minute 16 Look at her she
sent him the message she wrote
we're at her house like with this one and
the other one and he had time to
write her this message this message
this message Search for But at least The
kid touched first base a kiss
Dante Search for the gif Okay You're the best
you deserve all of this you deserve all of
this but man but
man but man how are you going to tell her You're the
best you deserve all of this and much more you do
n't know how happy I am for
you but what's
next is that you record a video with her
with a trailer and tell her This is my
truth you deserve all of this and much
more you don't know how happy I am for you
but I'm going to shoot myself in the
dick
eh I stayed up all night
of course I'm telling you yes I'm
telling you come on come on you
were in bed as if you
had accidentally swallowed 7 grams of
cocaine through your mouth I mean your
heart was coming out of every orifice in your
face and it seems that nothing happened to her  on
Twitter he said they could be friends without
having to [ __ ] and all that that same
night he came back and told me they would go
to his house again
dude I can't ignore him for something like that
you know there's nothing wrong with it love
then I feel bad because I don't
want you to be down love that you
're doing everything right oh my god and
the guy puts a string on you the guy
puts a string on you to put
this the guy puts a string on you to
put this
dude as long as he doesn't get too close to you
if you if you can [ __ ] with
latz gloves all the better
Hey I have nothing against any
man have a
great time you know what happens you know what happens with
the fear of this
ally that when you and this is by the book
this is an episode from the
relationship manual okay tell me in the chat if
you agree look if you
agree with what I'm going to say put a
red heart if you disagree or you
had no idea put a
yellow heart okay look it's by the
book if you to a girl who is
with you because right now she doesn't have
anything else but in the relationship you are the one who
takes the  the weight of wanting to be
together no I mean you're the one who does more
of your part for that relationship to be
there okay if the girl is
itching because she's itching with the
orlock let's put it like this If you want I'll
tell you something else the bug bites
but let's go she's itching with the orlock okay if
the girl is curious
with the oslo Okay and and the oslo is already
giving her all the game and all the flirting is being
made easy for her not
even Rick editions went that far no
this one has snuck in much more well we haven't
seen ricked's chats also I
tell you eh We haven't seen if you
aliade that you don't fill your girlfriend you don't
fill her if you had gone further with
this relationship she would have cheated on you
later or she would have left you
this this relationship I know this relationship is
because she cares for you like a little friend you
know but when she finds a guy Alpha she
hooks up with him at night and the
next morning she leaves you Okay so
if you're here right now in another
city she goes to Madrid she's there  in
Madrid with the famous guy who wants to
sleep with him he wants to sleep with her
too okay it seems that last night
he wasn't very intense he
wasn't very slimy he did Even the
Hard one okay And that must have
stung the other one okay the other one had said Osa
this guy isn't telling me anything about
[ __ ] I'm going to go the next day alone let's
see if he tells me the other day okay if you right
now get off and you get
insecure like I don't want you to
go I'm not worried I don't want you to
go I'm jealous you're going to cheat on me
I'm angry if you happen to
get mad you're going to push her more to
sleep with him So how does he know okay how does he
know he's scared he's scared he does
n't sleep he lost 5 kilos that
morning he doesn't sleep he doesn't sleep he
's
screwed he doesn't sleep he's screwed if he
gets carried away I mean he's trying to
show confidence that he ignores her
confidence that he has no reason to fear a
[ __ ] a dick what happens is that he knows that
if he happens to say it get jealous get carried
away or  I forbade it he's going to
push her more to
do it He's screwed he's
screwed he
's screwed I'm
telling you love that you're doing everything
right my goodness my goodness
I hope you don't feel bad
sad face but maybe we'll go to Orlock's house
again I already imagined it Of course he
imagined it Of course he
imagined it like he's been thinking about it all night like he's been thinking about it
all night he
says I already imagined it Of course he
imagined it let's go and he's
imagining that you're going to cheat on him
but he's going to swallow it It's
okay enjoy it go on I'll try not to think about it
too much here he's already
letting it fall here here he's already letting it fall you
see I'll try not to think about it
too much he'll try not to think about it
too much
your mind has made up the 15000
steps a day without the Apple
watch of the turns given by the head
your thought is screwed there he's already
letting it fall he doesn't want to come across as toxic
jealous so as not to push her more to [ __ ]
okay But he is he is telling her that he
is thinking about it he is telling her  that's turning around
cockatoo a kiss
cockatoo a
kiss come on if she's turning around
come on if she's turning around
but it would be like the same as yesterday
there the four of us talking and smoking nothing
more really I know love and I'll
tell you everything it doesn't matter you have to have a
good time [ __ ] but I've
gotten anxious again [ __ ] but I've
gotten anxious again she
's telling him of course she's having a bad time she's she's
seeing them now she's not
saying what anxiety it's not that my
heart is coming out of my nose Okay my
heart feels like I've
taken eh What's it called? Uy I
got one once I got one I got
anxiety once with Oh what was the name of the
first one I think it was piperan piperan I think it's a it's
a medication that they
prescribed me at the beginning of having the
cron for the issue
of for the fatigue issue okay at the
beginning and I made a mistake and I took too
much I don't know if it was once a month Uy once
a month I don't know if it was once every 24
hours and  the best I took it every oo
some of that I was wrong Uf Uf let's go
Uf the night I spent like
that
Uf my god okay And this guy was like this this
was like this this this one is going to go to the guys'
house to smoke seven joints this was
going to the guys' house to smoke them yeah
by roel
tremendous tremendous
eh [ __ ] but I already got anxious
again of course let's see if you're
serious about this guy when he's
telling you please don't go because he's
telling you you're not going You saw os lookock
the day before you're not going you go because it makes you itch and you
want to sleep with him
you go because it makes you itch and you
want to sleep with him just like that just like that
okay And I don't accept any type
of debate regarding this issue okay
we are living a
murder we are
witnessing it okay And that's what there is we are
seeing a soldier in the
war being murdered a fallen soldier
okay This time it was a little different
since he stayed until almost noon the
next day [ __ ] but damn machine
orlock that stayed until noon
the
next day telling me that he had fallen
asleep and that  I was with his friends at
his
house again I stayed up all
night Look look look do you
remember what I told you before with
this message this this the one of having a good time I
love you very much do you remember
this 2:16 do you remember that I
told you he hasn't slept he hasn't slept Well
here he is telling you I have already
told you I am an expert in love and in Lu de pelo
total expert I stayed up all
night again I have told you before without
the kid saying it
this guy didn't
sleep control the Spanish one I have been
waiting for for a long time I hope
everything goes well
love doesn't
answer her at 9:2 in the morning note without
sleeping he says love and she answers at
11 my goodness I don't want to imagine
how long it was from 4:39 until
8:41 that night how long it
was how long it
was in those 4 hours a
Juanjo blo video was put on and it passed like Titanic
okay And I'm not talking to you anymore and I'm not  I'm talking
from
8:41 until 10:47 until 10:47
when the friend answered, who knows
what the friend was doing waking up at
11:10
, okay, he started smoking, the kid started smoking, the kid, the kid, the athlete, non-smoker, didn't drink alcohol, vegan, vegan, didn't even buy a t-shirt from animals, or a leather jacket, nothing vegan. Well, in those 4 hours, he started
smoking, he started smoking joints, he
started cocaine,
eh, he ate a pig, okay, but
he also killed it by beating it up, beating it up with his
open hand, he killed it, the pig
ate it and made a jacket with what was
left over, those were the four hours of
this friend of this fallen soldier, okay, you
all stay asleep on the couch Tun Tun tun
tun, it takes a minute to
answer her, a minute to answer her,
man on the couch,
me, the other two,
[ __ ] him, but we have to run, I have to
be at such and such A's house  12 I'll be
talking to you handsome boom horns on eh
horns on there
eh horns on there eh
Well, two days went by and he
continued treating me like always until he
sent me the message that completely destroyed me I don't know
if I can read this
message I don't know if I'm going to be able to read this
message How are the likes going
alne How are the likes going
alne how are those lies going alne to see it
no
[Music] [Music] [Music] [
Music]
[Music] Let's
see, I don't even know how to tell you because I've
tried to talk to my friends and
absolutely all of them tell me that it's
better if I shut the [ __ ] up and
take it to the grave but I can't handle the
guilt and since yesterday I've been very restless
sad face with the orlock
things happened I don't know if I should go into
detail but well we've done
things and I know that maybe you and
I nothing official but I still feel like I've
broken your trust that in
part I've betrayed it too I'm
really sorry Maybe
[Music] I
don't promise you I promise you
that  let's see let's see let's see let's see fail Fall fail fail fail fail Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
sorry I promise you even though it may not seem like it I
promise you eh Even though it may not seem like it I promise you
that the
story is making me very sad eh I promise
you that the story is making me very sad okay I promise you that I'm very moved
by the pain I'm super moved by the
pain
[ __ ]
friend I'm sorry I'm sorry okay maybe not maybe I did
n't choose the
right music okay Sorry forgive me forgive
me I'll try again I'll try again I'll try again I'll try again calm down calm down give me
a chance Okay
give me a second chance Okay I'll
try again let's
go to God let's go to
God Let's see I don't even know how to tell you
because I've tried to talk to my
friends and absolutely all of them tell me
that it's better if I shut the [ __ ] up
and take it to the grave but I can't handle
the guilt and since yesterday I've been
very
restless A minute of silence Javi this
is
serious
with him  Oslo
Orson things happened I don't know if I should
go into detail but well we've
done
things and maybe you and
I Mauro Thank you very much
friend I know that maybe you and I are not
boyfriend and girlfriend we are not
official but I still feel like I've broken your
trust in part I have also
betrayed you only in part only in part
but I have betrayed you I'm
so sorry Maybe this isn't the best time
to
tell you but I just don't want to keep
dragging
this out You're being so good to me and I
feel like a son of a
[ __ ] Sorry that one got away from me That one
was not my mother
eh it's that the guy gave it to him
completely eh completely let's go
completely it's that the guy gave it to him he gave it to him
the pass he gave him the pass and
Orlock scored a goal directly it seems that you did
have something yes it seems that yes it
seems that yes Joel Yes yes Look he says it seems that
yes you this has to be a parody
This isn't true he says it seems that you did
have something yes it seems that yes eh I suspect eh I
suspect yes yes yes yes
you that I could be wrong Eh I can
mistake but I think that I think so
eh He didn't want to give me specifics and
when I told him that I clearly didn't want
anything to do with someone who talked to os
loock in that sense he told me that he
couldn't promise me not to sleep with him again
lol lol
nool No no we're not going to read this
conversation please let's read this
conversation please
God of my life God of my life
dude you have to decide that
or what the chick says is that if I'm
completely honest with you It might not be
the only time it
happens you can't be more
honest You can't be more honest and
this What is it I don't understand anything
so I say I don't know I'm going to go home for
a while I can't stand it
anymore maybe I'll see it again and it will happen
again I guess I would block it for me
says the
cook dude you're not seeing with the
chat this last message wait Wait wait look at this dude look at this
dude look at this you no that's me Oh Where the
[ __ ] is Where is the [ __ ]
chat this no the other [ __ ] Where is the
[ __ ]
chat [ __ ] this look at this I mean the chick
tells him in all her  face that she's going to
[ __ ] him again and he still still he
goes and tells her maybe I'll see him again and
happen
again I guess
And still he tells her this he tells her would I
block it for me yeah yeah yeah if he blocks he
blocked well the elbows and and the knees
seen Poor thing Sorry for the sad face a
kiss handsome Thank you so much for
that donation a kiss King I mean and she
tells him I can't do that Sorry Of course I
wanted to sleep with him from the beginning
Wow man wow But this why did this come out
Wow impressive kid Wow impressive
man impressive
impressive story this
eh impressive story eh Not even pilber
Baby I'm not going to go into detail I
'm not stupid that's going to be
worse But there has been something else help How about
something else help me have you [ __ ]
man let's see let's see Joel let's see let's see Fran
what a [ __ ] @ Ada that we became
famous when we were old what we would have f @
o if it happens to us at 20
h man look what I was thinking right now
eh the goal goes to orlock's team
here in the King Nos  we say goodbye
tremendous [ __ ] end
Deer dude Look thanks Dante a kiss
gorgeous look me thinking maybe Franco
is here yet he can't be
missing this I say please Fran is
n't missing this that he's not
saying I say this one is he's with the
guinea pigs or with the capí baras and hasn't
realized You know why I say if if I
were seeing this gem I would have already
posted something in the chat but it's that
you posted very lucky
Fran the truth is I was offended I was
offended by the old thing Nene I don't think I'm going to
go into detail well let's see let's
see The kid has a question The kid
has a question eh The kid has a
question eh of course it's normal let's see the kid is
wondering The kid is
wondering The kid is wondering have you
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] is
this
[Music]
ah
[Music] [
Laughter]
ha
n I didn't expect that tonight he would
turn it around like Javi expected Of course Finally
a good thing has been put on one day damn let's
see man let's see let's see let's see let's
see have you  you guys have
[ __ ] do you want me to give you a
real explanation do you want me to give you a
real explanation of why she's
asking her
this do you need that
explanation I'll
give it to you do you want a [ __ ] real explanation of why she
's asking
this I'll explain it to you okay I'll explain it to you
guys red hearts if you
agree with the explanation that I'm going to give
yellow hearts if you don't
agree and you want to argue with me okay the
thing is that this guy is so so so
Cook so so so Cook that he's still
asking her that why because he
wants to do uh damage control to see
how far the girl has gone to
have an excuse to forgive her okay like well
if she hasn't [ __ ] then
I can hold on to that to
forgive her
that's it that's it like literally that's it uh like
well if they kissed come on tomorrow
I'll act offended boom boom and in half an
hour I'll take her to Burger and
forgive her you don't agree you don't
agree you don't agree there are people
who don't agree with this no  no well it's like that
eh I mean it's like that literal it's
so cute that what he wants is to do
like damage control to forgive her
but it was with clothes of course of course for
example Well if it was just a little
rosete I love to see how you enjoy the
gossip Haha enjoy you all brendy
don't forget to subscribe to the Channel
okay immediately everyone who is
watching right now live
everyone press the subscribe button
okay that on the one hand the like button
that on the other hand and now if you want to
become a member that would be great Eh now I'm going to
throw myself on the floor I'm going to undress
I'm going to undress at the same time as the girl okay you can
give away five members each okay
we're at 1600 and something members dude
1700 I don't think it's even
five members each and
we get the gentlemen back to 2000
again eh telesalseo today it reached 2000
again
eh she answers him puf I'm sorry baby
Yes of course here already The kid when he sees
this he reads it seven times okay he reads it you
read it seven more times  or so he says phew
baby I'm sorry
Yeah phew baby I'm sorry Yeah and he
stays like that and
says What if I
ask her
now if they had
sex with their
clothes on because maybe there's a
possibility that they did it,
putting this aside a little bit
and I
forgive her but it doesn't seem to me that it's
going to get worse now okay
PF baby phew baby No, all of this made me
feel
terrible, let's see, damn it's made me feel
terrible, damn it's that the kid
is He doesn't have blood, eh, I mean
you have a cast on your veins, all of
this made me feel terrible, says the
guy, you know, all of this made me feel
terrible
And these days have been hell for
me, in two weeks he was coming to spend a few
days at my house and it's been very
disappointing and sad having to
tell my parents and friends that in the
end he's not
coming, [ __ ] Well, I'll take my mom and
put her in We'll make him a suit
for seven Christmas Eves
eh, we'll
make him a suit for 7
Christmas Eves and as compensation for the damage
done, I've become rich  to comments on
his lock and a story from his friend
that is irrelevant and they were clearly
going to hurt me if I saw them
eh how as compensation for the damage done I
have enriched myself to comments on his
lock
no no no no that's what I think to
Anne no no no no no no no Ah that's what
I think Wait wait let's see if I'm
interpreting it wrong I have the bite of
23 on my
neck I left Madrid two days ago
and I'm already thinking about
coming back Give me the kisses to me
Orlock song with
Maximus help this [ __ ] Random
called me and won't stop singing
Orlock adventure on
loop I don't
understand And what poses did they use a kiss
Dante [ __ ] Thank you very much
I'm not understanding this So what does he
mean that he went to the
lock to read what he posted
I want to leave a more personal message in the
end I'm really sorry that everything ended
like this It was never my intention We
've already realized Joel and I've loved you
very much During this time that we've
talked eh three weeks but I'm not going to
let them keep trampling on me
like this I'm going to hell The  gachon
told his dignity he says I'm not going to let them
walk all over me Eh I'm not going to let them
walk all over me beautiful love
eh my ex was [ __ ] by David Suárez in
case it helps you
Consuelo my goodness
no no no
we have her Instagram of the
girl no no no no no no it's not
real no no no no no no no no no no yes yes yes it's
absolutely sure let's
go it's absolutely sure
let's
see pear I'm going to
check it's this one it's this one kid it's this one we have it we have it
IG of the girl we have it we have it we have it
kid we have it
kid a kiss Jose is it true man they
put the
Instagram we have it we have it how are we
doing with likes alne how are we doing with
likes how are we doing with likes alanne alanne alanne
allow us
no no but it's that I'm going to write to her
everything come on Look while you give it a
Like I'm going to
write to her no no you can't receive
messages it says this account cannot
receive your message because it doesn't allow
new
requests Oh I can't write to her dude I
can't
write to her I can't write to her dude but let's
see dude it would have been nice if he came
dude No  can I write to him dude 394 likes and
you expect me to
show it to you
Oh you can't
write to him let's
see
clear clear
clear and he is
him let's see what
Andy says let's see on Twitter they're saying that it's
this one but of course it's that she
herself herself 5
hours ago and four hours ago just coinciding
with the thread she posted I invite you to
celebrate my funa I'll wait for you so and so so
from so late and until
these losers get bored on Twitter don't
miss out
canceled for doing what the [ __ ] I want
while I'm single that's crazy of
course It's that she didn't care
he would be hooking up with him and
whatever but she doesn't care about
him or rather he was the simp Ah well
you wanted to see her No he was the
simp of course the girl is pretty let's see it will be this one no no yes she is
pretty she is not
pretty
No of course the horny guy got
him excited
well he just answered you all over his
face he answered me
Ah he
answered me he likes a guy who smiles
when another friend sticks his teeth out  in
one fell swoop well that's a whole other debate The
righteous is a whole other debate
but but oh my goodness eh How good How
good What good sauce eh What good sauce
the girl gave us with the tribute that she
gave herself in Madrid the friend Oh but I
would love to invite her and have her
come she's gorgeous she's
gorgeous yes you just
read it
[Music]
no no Oh [ __ ] macho man let's not forget
that he started the thread saying that
she was his almost something that maybe they hadn't even
met in person no no no no Ah
that they hadn't seen each other in
person You're considering that option that they haven't
even seen each other in person damn
But that would be really
long if they haven't even seen each other in
person it would be really long Ah I want to
write to her man and I'm considering it so much
but I hadn't considered it that much
girl be it I had considered that it was a
thing that the guy was all crazy
about her and she well in the meantime you know
but that ORSL introduced her to him and I
mean you know this thing about alpha boys and beta
boys Well the boy was a
beta and  orsl would be the alpha that she
liked but [ __ ] man I can't
write to her I can't
write to her because it would be nice if she
came and gave her explanations
man I'm going to follow her to see if she sees me but that's
it no man who does she follow to
see no one she knows man it
would be nice if she came to give her
explanation man [ __ ] man but how how do I
know whatever they haven't
even seen each other in
person
you like they haven't even seen each other in
person that girl is 16 she's not
19 Yeah yeah yes I know if I've read about the
almost something I've read it [ __ ] man it comes out
in recommended
Abi
yes I've read about the almost something but of
course I interpreted it as a
girl like a
relationship man let's see so you
're
telling me Let's see so you're
basically telling me that the guy thought he was
going to marry her because the guy
at first was saying how
we had plans for the future what a Cook
kid what a Cook man I want to invite
her I want to invite her I
want to invite her dude she has the right
to express herself I
love her  invite her
Ah I hope you answer me while we're
here live we're
leaving right now dude we're leaving right now dude
but I want to invite her she has the
right to express herself
dude but she's talking about a more intimate relationship not
that kind of
intimacy Well the l's a few years older than her
No let's see impossible eh impossible to
contact her dude Because they've probably blown up the
message
now and I don't know another fa chu but it's that no no no I'm not
going to be another
way because she she has to
express herself here
dude I
'm checking to see if someone
puts the Twitter
also
the recommended one knows that she's
orlock's second ex face rolling
with laughter face rolling with laughter face
rolling with
laughter people are messing with her
eh people are messing with her
but
here I am
sincerely I am here sincerely I am
with
her Ramón Today is the
day the girl is free to do whatever she wants she has
n't lied she's free and that's it
these girls go about saving worlds
of faith and miscetera they want to be soft
to say that those are men of today and
then they go to  by studs well by the
orlock that one yes yes I I am
[Music]
with I am in this I am with her let's
see obviously I could have given
the boy less illusions But look the
boy is that he has left him
eh her her
why do they mess with her and not with
him for me here the one who has been
the cook has been him I mean it's that for
M it's that he is telling you clearly
on top of that notio he is telling you to your
face that she is going to sleep with him guy I mean and
on top of that she takes it and tells you the
next day I mean in fact for me you want me to
tell you more you want me to tell you more
in fact for me he has just committed a
very big illegality I mean if she
acts like a [ __ ] she will sink him because he has
just committed a very
big illegality and on top of that people are messing
with
her it smells to me like they were nothing
therefore they could be with whoever they
want they would be that no that
no let's
see I have the girl's titto but it's that she is
not going to write to me
either I don't even have the session start
here
I  I'm with her let's see I'm with her I
could have also cut her loose
but really there the cc is that let's go it's that she was
missing clear let me touch your face
don't touch my face let me
[Music]
where was the
QR code thing man I don't have a
[ __ ] clue how to handle tiktok
well man it doesn't matter if she sees the video she'll
send me a message or something okay but what what what
me there the guy the guy is
a pain I mean the guy is a pain dude
you have to accept when you don't fill
someone up and in this case you didn't fill
this girl up you didn't fill her up man but
let's see at first the
first time not even with the trip to
Madrid if the girl is into you the same as
you are for
her well it doesn't matter luare it doesn't matter
king it doesn't matter yes yes she sees the
video she'll contact me if she wants to talk
but if the girl is just in case the girl
is into you the same as you are for her you don't
talk to the
orlock But if I was already telling you that
she knew that he wanted to
sleep with her if she is into him the same as he is
for her the girl stops talking to him
losos lookck I mean a heavy guy a guy
aigor a guy who is still
telling you she doesn't know how to leave you
that she had to cheat on you
so you would leave her alone and still you
after she left for Madrid she
met him you told him that it
bothered you that he went to her house he
went into his house with him
the next day he stayed at her house again what's
more the second time he falls asleep at her house
And you were still there not sleeping
being a pest And on top of that you go and and you
wanted to forgive her she is still
telling you that the girl who [ __ ] her and
you were there trying to see if you
could find a burning nail to
still forgive her and continue with her You
are a piece of
Cook remove the kck chat from the
screen
Ah what alne is telling me that someone
said that the girl is a [ __ ] and
that here only [ __ ] defend themselves ban ban she
is single she is flirting with
him she is hanging around they are not
cheating it happens that the guy is a Cook I mean it
is the typical thing that happens many times that the guy is
dying for  she's
worth it she's cool for her because he's never
seen a girl like that in his
life and swallow whatever it is
or rather I'm telling you that tomorrow the girl wants to be with him and the turkey Delete the thread and go back to her and go back to her no no no no no no that I'm here eh I'm more with her than with him in
this I'm here more with her than with
him because obviously she could have
cut him off from the beginning and and
not given him his hopes or I know what she
played by not making the boy believe that he
was her boyfriend but what no no
man it can be
seen oh oh oh oh
oh your ex-girlfriend is a [ __ ] filthy
worthless [ __ ] And you a loser [ __ ]
soybeans wake up and move on believe me I know
what I'm talking about let's see first of all
Ricky first of all Ricky first
of all I know what I'm talking about here what you
're doing is calling Lali a [ __ ] filthy [ __ ]
returning
Lali's comment this afternoon what
we saw before okay  luar if you can
cut this out and paste it to the
previous extract confirm if you read me okay But
well basically here and Edi has
slipped this you and will probably delete it
in a few hours okay eh Because
this girl we are talking about
is not a dirty
[ __ ] she was not with him she was not his girlfriend
and she told him the next day I mean she did not
intend to cheat on him she did not
intend to continue the relationship by
hiding it It is that she told him something happened
and I can't deny that it is not going to
happen again now in a while I mean no,
you just tell Ali because you have
swallowed with Lali it is something else Okay but
you have gone too far I mean he has gone too far he has
gone too
far I can't imagine that he will have
taken advantage of it to respond to Ali
with
this there
is more Javi follow the tweet Oh well they have only
sent me the screenshot of
this Dallas has sent him a message
laughing at him Congratulations men that they
replace you with os loock is without a doubt
the worst point that your life will be
ever from here you can only go to
better
honestly I'm from the girl's team
guys well it's getting late already eh I don't
know what other issues I had
pending there okay I already have the other one here he
says right you're not missing the friend says
and says I put it there with no
intention of
offending you just so you
realize how stupid it was to
love and trust someone like that stay
strong and you'll see what happens everything that comes
now that you have lived through that [ __ ] [ __ ]
well This is an excuse
Eh This is an excuse that Ricky has
taken to hit Lali
both in the first and second t
as if he's saying that he has lived through that
no Ricky you haven't You have lived through that Ricky you have
n't You have lived through that Ricky you haven't You have lived through that
Ricky this girl wasn't his girlfriend she
wasn't with him and he was in [ __ ] bye bye
with her okay in any case you may have
behaved a little like him but
you have been worse because you have caught I
mean to say to you she didn't come to you the
next day and she told you Ricky very
different very different from you she didn't
come  the next day and he
told you no the next day not even the
same day he tells you okay he hides it from you
and it's while he continues with you
trying to meet up with the guy again
okay And even so you
registering it was when you found the
whole situation, I mean you even read
messages from both of them and even so you who
are worse than that guy have taken and you
Make a series with a teaser and a trailer You
took her running to Andorra
because Dallas had made a video
to defend her and say that she was an I
mean you accused the other of being a
rapist you accused the other of being a
rapist damn are you going to compare yours it
's not the same but come on no way
What is the same in that it's a girl
leaving someone else because she likes someone else
no way the same no way the same she
cheated on you but she continued cheating on you she
continued with the lie until the end
and then you defended her accusing the
other of being a rapist and tudor of being an
abuser saying that there was evidence
that my god the evidence that there was
against
tudor
my god the evidence that  there was against
tudor nothing man Well it would have been a
fantasy it would have been a fantasy to
contact her but it's not
possible it would have been a fantasy for the
girl to come in here and give her version
nothing I'm missing the Cry mu and some
other things But we'll leave it for
tomorrow because there are topics eh There are some topics for tomorrow
live So I'll try to
get on in the afternoon tomorrow I'll try to
get on in the afternoon
[Music]
for that for the news already for the news
larez tomorrow around 8 man or
whatever I'll get on earlier
for I'll get on earlier for this you
gossip eh We didn't see it coming eh We did
n't see it coming eh Let's
see
tomorrow tomorrow maybe it seems like
we do it live after
lunch alar this so I can
put it up
man it's been a while since we had
some gossip good
eh it's been a while since we had some
gossip good eh eh a quick message
for Ricky edit let's see what right do
you have to call
a girl you know nothing about a [ __ ] filthy [ __ ] you
're just reading the  thread that
he posted when you in collaboration with
your ex-girlfriend accused a person of rape
simply to cover up some
horns of Face to the Public image
so as not to be seen as the cuckold
and that all those crazy [ __ ] that
you have laughed at many
times no no would return it to you laughing at
you for real or do you know it is that you are a couple of
pathetic incredible no no but it is that
apart from that he attacks the boy he messes
with the
boy pathetic guy look at you eh the
extract This has been good even to
see it edited for the main one the
extract This has been good to
edit it for the main one but
we already have the Editors
busy with the content already recorded that I have
recorded today and also here Javier
canijo does not come bad either a
powerful extract but like this very good eh
Javi what about gref you will see what is
gref Jan what is
gref What a SEO
you